README.md, before:

# Homework 1 |Refactor|

## Assignment

This assignment focuses on refactoring an existing webpage to improve its accessibility.

### Tasks

Throughout completing this assignment I was tasked to focus on the following:

1. Creating semantic HTML elements
1. Structuring HTML elements in a logical way   independent of syling and positioning
1. Ensuring that ````<img>```` elements contain accessible ````<alt>```` attributes
1. Ordering ````<heading>```` attributes sequentially
1. Choosing a concise, descriptive title

### Objective

This assignment was designed to help us apply the CSS and HTML skills that we've accumulated thus far, while giving us a taste of what it's like to refactor a webpage in an agile environment. 

In completing this task we explored:
1. HTML and CSS basics
1. Incorporating semantic elements in HTML
1. Refactoring to meet accessibility standards
1. Logical and meaningful organization of code
1. Agile Methodology
1. Working with Repositories
1. Utilizing Markdown

### Install

You can clone this repository by hitting the green 'clone' button above and copying the SSH key into a directory which you create on your local machine.

### Link

Repository Link: https://github.com/ad-fleming/hw-01-code-refactor

Visit the webpage here:  https://ad-fleming.github.io/hw-01-code-refactor/.

Commit message:

updated README.md to include a Credits section

README.md, after:

# Homework 1 |Refactor|

## Assignment

This assignment focuses on refactoring an existing webpage to improve its accessibility.

### Tasks

Throughout completing this assignment I was tasked to focus on the following:

1. Creating semantic HTML elements
1. Structuring HTML elements in a logical way   independent of syling and positioning
1. Ensuring that ````<img>```` elements contain accessible ````<alt>```` attributes
1. Ordering ````<heading>```` attributes sequentially
1. Choosing a concise, descriptive title

### Objective

This assignment was designed to help us apply the CSS and HTML skills that we've accumulated thus far, while giving us a taste of what it's like to refactor a webpage in an agile environment. 

In completing this task we explored:
1. HTML and CSS basics
1. Incorporating semantic elements in HTML
1. Refactoring to meet accessibility standards
1. Logical and meaningful organization of code
1. Agile Methodology
1. Working with Repositories
1. Utilizing Markdown

### Credits
This assignment was assigned by the Geogia Tech Coding Bootcamp. The code for the webpage which you see was provided to us. The refactored code was written by myself with the collaboration of fellow classmates. 

### Install

You can clone this repository by hitting the green 'clone' button above and copying the SSH key into a directory which you create on your local machine.

### Link

Repository Link: https://github.com/ad-fleming/hw-01-code-refactor

Visit the webpage here:  https://ad-fleming.github.io/hw-01-code-refactor/.
